docsrc/source/modules/how_it_works.rst, before:

How it works
===============

.. image:: ../assets/Producer-details.svg
The LOVE-Producer consists of several python classes (:code:`Telemetries and Events`, :code:`Heartbeats`, :code:`ScriptQueue State` and :code:`Command Receiver`), each refered to as "a Producer", and a :code:`main.py` python script . Each Producer provides an interface to extract specific information from the SAL parsed into a dictionary with a fixed schema. These messages are given to/requested by the :code:`main.py` script which is the main driver of the LOVE-producer program in charge of handling the websockets communication with the LOVE-manager, converting these messages to JSON format and forwarding them to the LOVE-manager. 


The :code:`main.py` file
------------------

It uses the :code:`websocket` library to send messages to the :code:`ws://<WS_HOST>/?password=<WS_PASS>` URL, where  :code:`WS_HOST` and :code:`WS_PASS` are read from environment variables. It configures each Producer according to the :code:`config.json` and extracts data by either passing callbacks or making direct calls to message getters functions to send a dictionary in JSON format to the specified address. This is detailed in the next sections and also on the diagram at the top of the page. The JSON schema is consistent with the what the LOVE-manager expects and has this structure:

.. code-block:json

    {
        category: 'event", 
        data: [{
            csc: 'ScriptQueue',
            salindex: 1,
            data: {
                stream1: {
                    param1: { ... },
                    param2: { ... },
                },
                stream2: {
                    param_a: { ... },
                    param_b: { ... }
                }
            }
        }]
    }


Telemetries and Events producer
--------------------------------------------

It creates a :code:`salobj.Remote` object for a list of :code:`(CSC, salindex)` pair given as input (created in the :code:`main.py` from the :code:`config.json` file). It provides a :code:`get_telemetry_message` that returns a dict containing the last value of each telemetry on each :code:`salobj.Remote`, and a :code:`get_events_message` that similarly extracts all events data a The :code:`main.py`. These two methods are called by the :code:`main.py` every two seconds.


Heartbeats producer
--------------------------------------------
Reports to the :code:`main.py` through a callback message containing info about the :code:`heartbeat` (generic) event of a list of :code:`(CSC, salindex)` pairs. The information contained in a heartbeat message consists of :

- Number of consecutive heartbeat lost, i.e., count of times :code:`remote.evt_heartbeat.next` throws a :code:`Timeout` error.
- Timestamp of the last received heartbeat. Defaults to :code:`-1` (never received heartbeat) and :code:`-2` if the topic does not have a :code:`heartbeat` event.
- Maximum number of heartbeats configured to be acceptable by the frontend.


ScriptQueue State producer
--------------------------------------------

Monitors the :code:`queue` state, creating instances of the :code:`ScriptQueue` and :code:`Script` :code:`salobj.Remote` objects, storing their states. It configures several callbacks that allow to update the stored state, and reports to the :code:`main.py` with a callback that sends a message with the state whenever any of these are called. It also monitors heartbeats of each script similarly to the :code:`heartbeats` Producer. Finally, additional to callbacks, it provides an :code:`update` method that sends :code:`show` commands to the SAL for the :code:`ScriptQueue` and each `Script` remote, triggering updates of the queue state. This :code:`update` method is called every 2 seconds by the :code:`main.py` script.




Commands receiver
--------------------------------------------

It provides a :code:`process_message` function that the :code:`main.py` script calls whenever it receives a command message from the `LOVE-manager`. This method uses this information to produce a command with :code:`salobj.Remote` and then returns back to the manager an acknowledgment message if the command runs succesfuly.

Commit message:

update docs with initial state producer

docsrc/source/modules/how_it_works.rst, after:

How it works
===============

.. image:: ../assets/Producer-details.svg
The LOVE-Producer consists of several python classes (:code:`Telemetries and Events`, :code:`Heartbeats`, :code:`ScriptQueue State`, :code:`Command Receiver` and :code:`Initial State`), each refered to as "a Producer", and a :code:`main.py` python script . Each Producer provides an interface to extract specific information from the SAL parsed into a dictionary with a fixed schema. These messages are given to/requested by the :code:`main.py` script which is the main driver of the LOVE-producer program in charge of handling the websockets communication with the LOVE-manager, converting these messages to JSON format and forwarding them to the LOVE-manager. 


The :code:`main.py` file
------------------

It uses the :code:`websocket` library to send messages to the :code:`ws://<WS_HOST>/?password=<WS_PASS>` URL, where  :code:`WS_HOST` and :code:`WS_PASS` are read from environment variables. It configures each Producer according to the :code:`config.json` and extracts data by either passing callbacks or making direct calls to message getters functions to send a dictionary in JSON format to the specified address. This is detailed in the next sections and also on the diagram at the top of the page. The JSON schema is consistent with the what the LOVE-manager expects and has this structure:

.. code-block:json

    {
        category: 'event", 
        data: [{
            csc: 'ScriptQueue',
            salindex: 1,
            data: {
                stream1: {
                    param1: { ... },
                    param2: { ... },
                },
                stream2: {
                    param_a: { ... },
                    param_b: { ... }
                }
            }
        }]
    }


Telemetries and Events producer
--------------------------------------------

It creates a :code:`salobj.Remote` object for a list of :code:`(CSC, salindex)` pair given as input (created in the :code:`main.py` from the :code:`config.json` file). It provides a :code:`get_telemetry_message` that returns a dict containing the last value of each telemetry on each :code:`salobj.Remote`, and a :code:`get_events_message` that similarly extracts all events data a The :code:`main.py`. These two methods are called by the :code:`main.py` every two seconds.


Heartbeats producer
--------------------------------------------
Reports to the :code:`main.py` through a callback message containing info about the :code:`heartbeat` (generic) event of a list of :code:`(CSC, salindex)` pairs. The information contained in a heartbeat message consists of :

- Number of consecutive heartbeat lost, i.e., count of times :code:`remote.evt_heartbeat.next` throws a :code:`Timeout` error.
- Timestamp of the last received heartbeat. Defaults to :code:`-1` (never received heartbeat) and :code:`-2` if the topic does not have a :code:`heartbeat` event.
- Maximum number of heartbeats configured to be acceptable by the frontend.


ScriptQueue State producer
--------------------------------------------

Monitors the :code:`queue` state, creating instances of the :code:`ScriptQueue` and :code:`Script` :code:`salobj.Remote` objects, storing their states. It configures several callbacks that allow to update the stored state, and reports to the :code:`main.py` with a callback that sends a message with the state whenever any of these are called. It also monitors heartbeats of each script similarly to the :code:`heartbeats` Producer. Finally, additional to callbacks, it provides an :code:`update` method that sends :code:`show` commands to the SAL for the :code:`ScriptQueue` and each `Script` remote, triggering updates of the queue state. This :code:`update` method is called every 2 seconds by the :code:`main.py` script.




Commands receiver
--------------------------------------------

It provides a :code:`process_message` function that the :code:`main.py` script calls whenever it receives a command message from the `LOVE-manager`. This method uses this information to produce a command with :code:`salobj.Remote` and then returns back to the manager an acknowledgment message if the command runs succesfuly.


Initial State Producer
--------------------------------------------

Produces LOVE messages with the latest info of an event. It first loads several remotes in the constructor and then produces messages for the LOVE-manager through the process_message function everytime a request is received in the websocket :code:`on_message` event.
